Hello.
I'm Michael Krasowski from Pluralsight.
I will be presenting the module,
Avoiding Problems and Making Mid-sprint Corrections.
Let's get started.
Murphy's Law is a popular saying that says that things will go wrong
in any given situation if you give them a chance.
Or more commonly, whatever can go wrong, will go wrong.
So expect things to go wrong from time to time.
Therefore, in this module,
I want to talk about the things that may or will happen unexpectedly
and ideas and options on how to deal with them.
This module is divided into two sections.
In the first section, avoiding problems,
we will talk about organizational, technical,
and people challenges that may impede your progress and how
to work through or remediate those issues.
In the second section, making mid-sprint corrections,
we will discuss those challenges that may appear after
the sprint has been launched and, again, provide you with the options on dealing with them.